1) what is the diffrence b/w synchronous and asynchronous operation?
ans: Synchronous:Tasks are executed one after another — each task waits for the previous one to finish.
Asynchronous:Tasks can be executed independently — the program doesn’t wait for one task to complete before moving to the next.

2) what is dom?
ans:Document Object Model(dom) is a programming interface provided by browser, it allows javasctipt to access and manipulate the structure, style and content of the webpage.
3) what are the data types in js?
ans: primitive data types and non-primitive data types
 primitive- that are immutabale means no changes and stores single value.
 Data types are =>
 string - "mufeedha", 'mufeedha'
 number- 1,2,3,4,5
 boolean- true or false value
 undefined- not defined
 null- absence of value
 symbol- unique value

 non primitive are mutable means we can change
 Array and Object
 Object: Stores data in key–value pairs.
 Array: Stores data in an ordered list (index-based).
4) what is the event in js?
ans: events is an action or occurence that happens in the browser.
5) what are closure in js?
closure - it has outer function & inner function after the execution the inner function can access the variables, methods etc from outer function
6) what is the diffrence b/w map and forEach?
ans: Transform each elements and returns new array
7) what is the callBack function in js?
8) what is inheritance in js?
9) what is the purpose of trycatch statement in js?
10) what is the purpose of addEventListener method in js?
11) what is the diffrence b/w query selector all?
12) what is the diffrence b/w null and undefined?
13) what is the diffrence b/w == and ===
14) what is hoisting in js?
15) what is the 'this' keyword in js?
16) what are the diffrent ways to define a function in js?
17) what is the purpose of let,var,const?
18) what is the diffrence b/w primitive and non-primitive data types?
19) what is the use of spread operator in js?
20) what is ternary operator in js?
21) what is rest perameter?
22) access,iteration,mutator methods?
